Documentation/UserStories.md, before:

## Product Backlog TFL Portal
### User Stories

#### Project Management

<hr/>

##### Role: Project Member
1. As a member of Project,I want to see a list of projects working on so that I can search more information about project form list.
2. As a member of Project,I want to see particular project details so that I can check sprints and tasks assigned to me.
3. As a member of Project,I want to see list of Sprints belong to current project so that I can track other memebers activities and shedule of current ongoing sprint.
4. As a member of Project,I want to update status of activity sothat other team members can see latest infomation about task assigned by other members.
5. As a member of Project,I want to see list of tasks assigned to me from a sprint,So that I update status of my work.
6. As a member of Project,I want to see list of tasks assigned to others for a sprint,So that I would keep myself welinfomed about ongoing project activities.

##### Role: Project Manager
1. As a project manager, I want to see a list  all ongoing projects with information so that I can quickly access the overall project information.
2. As a project manager, I want to access detailed project information so that I can see project progress.
3. As a project manager, I want to view  list of work  employee so that I can effectively manage work.
4. As a project manager, I want to access detailed task information for a specific employee so that I can see progress and challenges.
5. As a project manager, I want to see a list of all sprints for a project so that I can track project progress .
6. As a project manager, I want to see  information about a sprint so that I can see work releted to this sprint.
7. As a project manager, I want to see work of employee in spint, so that I can allocate work to the employee.
8. As a project manager, I want to assign specific work to employee so that I can  distribute project work.
9. As a project manager, I want to modify work , so that I can adapt to changing project requirements.
10. As a project manager, I want to remove a work of employee, so that I can reassignment new work as per requirements.

11.As a project manager, I want  to add new work to the project so that I can easily introduce new work.

12.As a project manager, I want to view  list of all works of  a project, so that I can see work releted all infomation of project .
 



#### TimeSheet

##### Role: Employee
1. As a employee I Want to Create timesheet so that I can fill my daily timesheet.

2. As a employee I Want to update timesheet so that if any changes in timesheet details i can modify it.

3. As a employee I want to Remove timesheet details so that I can maintain corrected timesheet data .

4. As a employee I want to View list of timesheets  so that I can see my past timesheet Data.

5. As a employee I want to View Details of  timesheet so that I can see what tasks I did on that day .
 


##### Role: HR Manager

 1. As a HR Manager I want  to see timesheet details of all employees so that i can track employee daily activities.

 2. As a HR Manager I want to Approved or reject timesheet so that i can ensure employee added right Data  in timesheet.

<hr/>

#### Leave Management
<hr/>

#### Payrol
<hr/>



Employee Project Point of View UserStories





Employee Leave Point of View UserStories:

1.As an employee, I want to apply for leave so that I can take the necessary time off 
for personal or professional reasons.
 
2.As an employee, I want to check the current status of my applied leave so that
I can plan based on the status of my request.
 
3.As an employee, I want to cancel a submitted leave application so that I can save my leave .
 
4.As an employee, I want to update details of an existing leave application so that 
I can change updated information as needed.
 
5.As an employee, I want to view my current available leave so that I can plan for future leave.
 
6.As an employee, I want to view my consumed leave so that I can keep track of the time I have taken off and plan future leaves effectively.
 
7.As an employee, I want to view my total leaves so that I can have a clear understanding of my overall leave allocation.







Project Manager- Project Point of View UserStories :




HR Manager Leave Point of View UserStories : 

1.As a HrManager,I want to approve or reject leave applications,So that I can manage leave requests appropriately.

2.As a HrManager,I want to view a list of leave applications submitted by employees,
So that I can have an overview of pending and approved leave requests.

3.As a HrManager,
I want to view detailed information about a specific leave application of an employee,
So that I can make informed decisions and provide necessary approvals.

4.As a HrManager,I want to update the number of leaves assigned for a specific role,So that I can adjust leave policies.

5.As a HrManager,
I want to insert a new role based leave  for a particular role,
So that  I can effectively manage and tailor leave policies.

6.As a HrManager,
I want to view the role based leave details,
So that I can ensure equitable and appropriate distribution of leave allowances.

Commit message:

payroll userstories for employee role

Documentation/UserStories.md, after:

## Product Backlog TFL Portal
### User Stories

#### Project Management

<hr/>

##### Role: Project Member
1. As a member of Project,I want to see a list of projects working on so that I can search more information about project form list.
2. As a member of Project,I want to see particular project details so that I can check sprints and tasks assigned to me.
3. As a member of Project,I want to see list of Sprints belong to current project so that I can track other memebers activities and shedule of current ongoing sprint.
4. As a member of Project,I want to update status of activity sothat other team members can see latest infomation about task assigned by other members.
5. As a member of Project,I want to see list of tasks assigned to me from a sprint,So that I update status of my work.
6. As a member of Project,I want to see list of tasks assigned to others for a sprint,So that I would keep myself welinfomed about ongoing project activities.

##### Role: Project Manager
1. As a project manager, I want to see a list  all ongoing projects with information so that I can quickly access the overall project information.
2. As a project manager, I want to access detailed project information so that I can see project progress.
3. As a project manager, I want to view  list of work  employee so that I can effectively manage work.
4. As a project manager, I want to access detailed task information for a specific employee so that I can see progress and challenges.
5. As a project manager, I want to see a list of all sprints for a project so that I can track project progress .
6. As a project manager, I want to see  information about a sprint so that I can see work releted to this sprint.
7. As a project manager, I want to see work of employee in spint, so that I can allocate work to the employee.
8. As a project manager, I want to assign specific work to employee so that I can  distribute project work.
9. As a project manager, I want to modify work , so that I can adapt to changing project requirements.
10. As a project manager, I want to remove a work of employee, so that I can reassignment new work as per requirements.

11.As a project manager, I want  to add new work to the project so that I can easily introduce new work.

12.As a project manager, I want to view  list of all works of  a project, so that I can see work releted all infomation of project .
 



#### TimeSheet

##### Role: Employee
1. As a employee I Want to Create timesheet so that I can fill my daily timesheet.

2. As a employee I Want to update timesheet so that if any changes in timesheet details i can modify it.

3. As a employee I want to Remove timesheet details so that I can maintain corrected timesheet data .

4. As a employee I want to View list of timesheets  so that I can see my past timesheet Data.

5. As a employee I want to View Details of  timesheet so that I can see what tasks I did on that day .
 


##### Role: HR Manager

 1. As a HR Manager I want  to see timesheet details of all employees so that i can track employee daily activities.

 2. As a HR Manager I want to Approved or reject timesheet so that i can ensure employee added right Data  in timesheet.

<hr/>

#### Leave Management
<hr/>

#### Payrol

#### Role Employee
1.As an employee, I want to view a list of my payments, so that I can easily track my salary transactions.

2.As an employee, I want to see detailed information about each payment so that I can check particular salary information.

3.As an employee, I want to download my salary slip ,so that I can check financial history.


##### Role: HR Manager
<hr/>








Employee Leave Point of View UserStories:

1.As an employee, I want to apply for leave so that I can take the necessary time off 
for personal or professional reasons.
 
2.As an employee, I want to check the current status of my applied leave so that
I can plan based on the status of my request.
 
3.As an employee, I want to cancel a submitted leave application so that I can save my leave .
 
4.As an employee, I want to update details of an existing leave application so that 
I can change updated information as needed.
 
5.As an employee, I want to view my current available leave so that I can plan for future leave.
 
6.As an employee, I want to view my consumed leave so that I can keep track of the time I have taken off and plan future leaves effectively.
 
7.As an employee, I want to view my total leaves so that I can have a clear understanding of my overall leave allocation.







Project Manager- Project Point of View UserStories :




HR Manager Leave Point of View UserStories : 

1.As a HrManager,I want to approve or reject leave applications,So that I can manage leave requests appropriately.

2.As a HrManager,I want to view a list of leave applications submitted by employees,
So that I can have an overview of pending and approved leave requests.

3.As a HrManager,
I want to view detailed information about a specific leave application of an employee,
So that I can make informed decisions and provide necessary approvals.

4.As a HrManager,I want to update the number of leaves assigned for a specific role,So that I can adjust leave policies.

5.As a HrManager,
I want to insert a new role based leave  for a particular role,
So that  I can effectively manage and tailor leave policies.

6.As a HrManager,
I want to view the role based leave details,
So that I can ensure equitable and appropriate distribution of leave allowances.
